AGENT-KITCHEN █

─────────────────────

agent-kitchen is a second-order harness: a kitchen for the things that configure coding agents (skills, hooks, rules, CLAUDE.md, workflows). It runs as dotfiles for the agent.

The kitchen makes the tools, tastes them, dates them, throws out what's gone stale.

The kitchen is built on the idea that:

A frontier model in 2026 is very competent at most things, but its default in any domain is the competent average version of the thing. The artifacts here are
commitments that drag the model off that median in a chosen direction.

Every artifact competes with two forces: the unaided frontier model, which absorbs
generic craft with each release, and the owner's time, which every artifact charges rent on.

So durable value comes from what the model cannot have: the owner's taste and intent
made operational, local truths of a repo or team, verified facts from after the training cutoff, and failures actually observed in sessions.

Everything else gets absorbed, so deletion is the expected end of every artifact here, not a failure of one.

─────────────────────

THE LOOP

The kitchen can operate as a set of skills used as needed, or as a loop: HARVEST surfaces the gaps (ideas, miscommunications, failures), FORGE turns them into artifacts, probes check they still earn their place, and HARNESS-AUDIT removes what doesn't.

- FORGE: one triage ladder routes a behavior to the right surface (skill, hook,
  path-scoped rule, CLAUDE.md, workflow, subagent, MCP), with a stance that sets the
  bar each artifact has to clear and judges it by the work it makes the agent produce,
  not by the artifact's own shape.

- HARNESS-AUDIT: inventories everything loaded at session start, counts the
  per-session token cost, and runs four checks: self-consistency, duplication across
  scopes, enforcement parity, scope discipline. Built to remove things rather than add.

- HARVEST: mines session transcripts for the corrections the user had to make twice,
  dedups them against the standing harness, and hands survivors to the forge as
  earned-intent evidence. The without-the-skill baseline already ran, in production, in
  those sessions.

- INGEST: turns resources provided by the user into an artifact by fanning out one
  reader subagent per source, grounded in verbatim quotes.

STATE.md + HACKS.md are a verified snapshot of Claude Code's surfaces and lesser-known
features, re-checked against the live changelog on each release.

CHANGELOG.md is the provenance ledger: why each artifact exists, what it was re-tested
against, and the keep/revise/delete verdicts. The artifacts themselves carry only a
one-line model pin.

─────────────────────

INSTALL

Both plugins are served through the `claudia` marketplace, whose catalog is hosted in
this repo:

    /plugin marketplace add claudialnathan/agent-kitchen
    /plugin install agent-kitchen@claudia   # the kitchen: forge, harness-audit, harvest, ingest
    /plugin install skills@claudia          # the applied skills (from the skills repo)

Commit-SHA versioning (no version field), so a pushed commit reaches other repos on the
next `/plugin marketplace update claudia` → `/plugin update`.

─────────────────────

The harness:

- Prices context before writing anything. Every artifact clears three bars: earned by a
  real gap between the model's default and your intent (a new idea, a miscommunication, a
  fact, or a failure); shifts attention in a way you can name; beats the model's default.

- Tests if it's additive vs transformative. Does it save you typing, or change what's
  thinkable? Only the second kind earns its place.

- Model-pins everything. Each artifact records the model, date, and version it was
  earned against.

- Is optimized for subtraction to avoid rotting by accretion.
